This is an example app, built using the meteor js framework (meteor.com)

I am not one to dispense social advice lightly. Personally I have a tendency to make acerbic comments ill-suited for the humour of the occasion. If I have discovered one thing it is this: a rare social scene is the one that cannot become completely absorbed in answering the question 'Who is the greatest detective of all time?'

As you will discover following some early, often pitifully emotionally-driven and illogical debate, it becomes necessary to set some criteria for judging. The establishment of these criteria alone can take many, many years to agree and finalise.
Luckily I have devoted a not inconsiderable amount of time to identifying these elusive criteria, and am happy to share them with you now. The understanding is, of course, that you are more than welcome to disagree with me, but I expect intellectual rigour and incontrovertable evidence before I will even begin to countenance any change.

Criteria:

Average bodycount
Performance on crime scene
Witness & suspect interview tactics
Creativity
Deductive prowess
Character/treatment of sidekick
Intelligence
Not being Jessica Fletcher...
...or the killer gardners, Rosemary & Thyme

In short, I present to you a shortlist of great detectives.
Vote for the greatest and tell all your friends.

If you think there is somebody that should be on this list, mention it in the comments below, and hope.
I warn you Batman is not a detective. Lord Peter Whimsy is an arse.

The competition will end when we reach 10000 votes, and then, only then, will the question of 'Who is the greatest detective?' be answered.

== Sherlock

Pros: 
Excellent on a crime scene
Peerless at deduction
The spark of creative genius that enable him to solve the toughest mysteries
Stylish

Cons:
His treatment of Doctor Watson, Mrs Hudson and often leaves a lot to be desired
His arrogance often comes at a cost of some anxiety to his clients

== Hercule

Pros:
Another expert at finding clues
Amazing senstivity to relationships between strangers
Fantastic deductive ability

Cons:
Annoying mannerisms
His attitude towards Hastings is absolutely reprehensible
The bodycount in his investigations is unacceptable, rarely does he avoid one or more repeat murders

== Columbo

Pros:
Humble, yet with a downbeat charm
As a detective in the modern world, he solves arguably more sophisticated cases than his Victorian forebears
A true genius, who never lets a case go 'Just one more thing...'


Cons:
The murderer usually is the creepy one with the sleek hairdo. It is possible Columbo has noticed this

== Magnum

Pros:
Nice shirt. Nice car. Great 'tache.
Useful when things get physical.
A certain naive intellect, charm and luck that took him through cases that he may not otherwise stood a chance in

Cons:
Possibly not the brightest of buttons. Took him at least 5 series to work out that Higgins was Robin Masters.
Weakness for women he finds attractive.

== Miss Marple

Pros:
Her slow, information gathering approach is a proven success
Excellent at gathering clues that others would be ignored.
She rocks the old lady shtick, and is often underestimated.

Cons:
If it comes to a throw down, she can be in your gang.
Body-count! Just like Poirot, she struggles to keep on lid on the deaths.

== Father Brown

Pros:
A great listener, able to solve cases with the minimum of intervention.
Uses his bumbling priestly exterior to great effect, never putting the criminal on guard.
Another astonishing mind, and open to all conclusions.

Cons:
Like Miss Marple, he does not bring much ruckus. 
His cases are often idiosyncratic to say the least. One wonders how he would cope if transplanted into, as an example, 1970's Chicago.


